Well-considered course in our programming I'm super excited that you decided to join this class.
So what's this course all about.
Well this course is about advanced features of our and advanced techniques.
So our has lots of different features that are considered to be advanced like for instance lists or
apply family functions or corporations all those things that we're going to be talking about in this
course.
But at the same time you need to know how to use them correctly for them to turn into those advanced
techniques so one thing is knowing those features.
The other thing is actually applying them to maximize their potential.
And that's what this class is about.
It's about learning those tools that are has for your disposal and actually knowing and learning how
to apply them.
And moreover practicing those application to have lots of different exercises.
We're going to be analyzing whether trends we're going to be cleaning data we're going to be looking
at different data on machine maintenance so lots of different projects from different worlds of analytics
and they will allow us to see how to apply those advanced skills in the real world.
And of course we're going to have lots of fun along the way.
That's how this cost structure.
So just make sure to follow along with the code because that is probably the most important part that
you fall on the court and it gets that hands on practical application so you get that experience of
coding and are because then you can always tweak your code a little bit explore what happens if you
change this or that and that's how you ultimately learn a new programming language or a new analytics
tool like our.
And now I'm going to jump behind the computer and I'll show you around the score so that you can navigate
it a little bit better.
And I'll see on the other side.
All right so let's have a look at the course structure right now.
We're over here we're into Tauriel 1.
Welcome to the was our programming course.
And next we will move on to the section titled A data preparation.
So at the start of every section there is a quick tutorial where I will discuss what we're going to
study in the section and in this specific section we're going to talk about quite a lot of things.
So the focus here is on preparing our own are and we're going to learn how to.
Of course we're going to review how to import data into are we going to have an interesting project
it's going to be a Financial Review type of product so we're going to be working with a financial data
for quite a few different companies 500 different companies then we're going to talk about factors the
fact factor variable trap a very important tutorial here so definitely check that one out can save you
a lot of problems if you do know about the effects of variable trap in a.
Then we'll have an example of that trap then we'll talk about some new functions we'll learn how to
deal with missing data and then the rest of this section is devoted to methods of dealing with missing
daughter replacing it substituting it calculating it.
And one of the main techniques discussed here is the median imputation method.
So that will be quite interesting and there'll be a lot of hands on practice and of course and we'll
have a tutorial devoted to just visualizing the results to see what insights we can actually extract
from the findings from the data that we have.
Then at the end of every section you'll see that there is also a section a recap to recap all the things
that we've learned in the following section we've got a list in our So a introductory section to lists
will I say introductory but that's just because that's the first time we're going to be encountering
lists.
But at the same time we're going to be learning quite sophisticated things that we're beat when we're
dealing with lists so we'll learn how to use lists for storage.
We also learn how to handle date times in our in this section.
Then we will learn how to do some basic stuff of lists like naming components of a list and deleting
adding And we'll also learn how to extract components from a list.
And we'll also learn about subsetting a list which is an important topic and then we will learn how
to create a time series plot in our.
And finally we move on to this section on a ply family of functions in our So here we're going to be
talking about weather patterns.
That's our project and we're going to learn a lot.
So we're going to learn how to apply family works how to use apply how to use apply how to use air supply
we will also learn how to combine apply with the square brackets operator which is probably it's an
advance technique but it's the the most basic out of the once techniques are all learned we'll also
learn how to nest your own functions within apply folks and we'll even learn how to nest apply functions
inside apply functions and then we will have a very very advanced topic here.
We've got two advanced topics in the section with the recreating the Apply function loops which is moderately
advanced and then we have a very advanced topic here which Max and the which men function functions
by themselves and not that advanced but when you look at the example it'll be using will it'll be a
little Be kind.
Way inception type of Nestea example will be nesting one of those functions and apply functions out
of an L apply function and it'll be very quite recursive in that sense so you'll be a good tutorial
to finish off this section and to test our knowledge.
So there we go those are the main topics we are discussing in this course.
Hope you enjoyed and hope you have fun along the way.
I can't wait to get started.
So let's jump straight into the next tutorial.
I look forward to seeing you there and until next AM HAPPY coding
.